meta: CHANGELOG for 6.17.0 (#4421)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: MIGRATION.md

## Enum changes

> We've detailed how to migrate off the enums `Status` and `SpanStatus`. We also made changes to deprecate `TransactionMethod`, `Outcome` and `RequestSessionStatus` enums, but those are internal only APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The enums `Status` and `SpanStatus` were deprecated, and we've detailed how to migrate away from them below. We also deprecated the `TransactionMethod`, `Outcome` and `RequestSessionStatus` enums, but those are internal-only APIs. If you are using them, we encourage you to take a look at the corresponding PRs (XXXX links here) to see how we've changed our code as a result.
```

Sorry for leaving the XXX - I figured you'd probably be able to lay your hands on the correct PRs more quickly than I could.
